fast_pair: Align salt size in the not discoverable advertising (#10653)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added the :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_info_cb_register` function and the :c:struct:`bt_fast_pair_info_cb` structure to register Fast Pair information callbacks.
    The :c:member:`bt_fast_pair_info_cb.account_key_written` callback can be used to notify the application about the Account Key writes.

>   * Changed the salt size in the Fast Pair not discoverable advertising from a 1 byte to 2 bytes, to align with the Fast Pair specification update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the salt size in the Fast Pair not discoverable advertising from 1 byte to 2 bytes to align with the Fast Pair specification update.
```
